---
layout: post
title:  经典摘要
date:   2017-12-30 20:10:20
tags: [Cognition]
---


* Poldrack 2005.   
Acquisition of a new skill is generally associated with a decrease in the need for effortful control over performance, leading to the
development of automaticity. Automaticity by definition has been achieved when performance of a primary task isminimally affected by
other ongoing tasks. The neural basis of automaticity was examined by testing subjects in a serial reaction time (SRT) task under both
single-task and dual-task conditions. The diminishing cost of dual-task performance was used as an index for automaticity. Subjects
performed the SRT task during two functional magnetic imaging sessions separated by 3 h of behavioral training over multiple days.
Behavioral data showed that, by the end of testing, subjects had automated performance of the SRT task. Before behavioral training,
performance of the SRT task concurrently with the secondary task elicited activation in a wide network of frontal and striatal regions, as
well as parietal lobe. After extensive behavioral training, dual-task performance showed comparatively less activity in bilateral ventral
premotor regions, right middle frontal gyrus, and right caudate body; activity in other prefrontal and striatal regions decreased equally
for single-task and dual-task conditions. These data suggest that lateral and dorsolateral prefrontal regions, and their corresponding
striatal targets, subserve the executive processes involved in novice dual-task performance. The results also showed that supplementary
motor area and putamen/globus pallidus regions showed training-related decreases for sequence conditions but not for random conditions, confirming the role of these regions in the representation of learned motor sequences.  
Key words: basal ganglia; learning; prefrontal; executive control; automaticity; sequence learning

* Szameitat et.al., 2002  
We report a study that investigated the neuroanatomical correlates of executive functions in dual-task performance with functional magnetic resonance imaging. Participants performed an auditory and a visual three-choice reaction task either separately as single tasks or concurrently as dual tasks. In the dual-task condition, two stimuli were presented in rapid succession to ensure interference between the component tasks (psychological refractory period). The behavioral data showed considerable performance decrements in the dual-task compared to the single-task condition. Dual-task-related activation was detected with two different neuroimaging methods. First, we determined dual-task-related activation according to the method of cognitive subtraction. For that purpose, activation in the dual-task was compared directly with activation in the single-task conditions. This analysis revealed that cortical areas along the inferior frontal sulcus (IFS), the middle frontal gyrus (MFG), and the intraparietal sulcus (IPS) are involved in dual-task performance. The results of the subtraction method were validated with the method of parametric manipulation. For this purpose, a second dual-task condition was introduced, where the difficulty of the dual-task coordination was increased compared with the first dual-task condition. As expected, behavioral dual-task performance decreased with increased dual-task difficulty. Furthermore, the increased dual-task difficulty led to an increase of activation in those cortical regions that proved to be dual-task related with the subtraction method, that is, the IFS, the MFG, and the IPS. These results support the conclusion that dorsolateral prefrontal and superior parietal cortices are involved in the coordination of concurrent and interfering task processing.

* Spreng et.al., 2010  
Tasks that demand externalized attention reliably suppress default network activity while activating the
dorsal attention network. These networks have an intrinsic competitive relationship; activation of one
suppresses activity of the other. Consequently, many assume that default network activity is suppressed
during goal-directed cognition. We challenge this assumption in an fMRI study of planning. Recent studies
link default network activity with internally focused cognition, such as imagining personal future events,
suggesting a role in autobiographical planning. However, it is unclear how goal-directed cognition with an
internal focus is mediated by these opposing networks. A third anatomically interposed ‘frontoparietal
control network’ might mediate planning across domains, flexibly coupling with either the default or dorsal
attention network in support of internally versus externally focused goal-directed cognition, respectively.
We tested this hypothesis by analyzing brain activity during autobiographical versus visuospatial planning.
Autobiographical planning engaged the default network, whereas visuospatial planning engaged the dorsal
attention network, consistent with the anti-correlated domains of internalized and externalized cognition.
Critically, both planning tasks engaged the frontoparietal control network. Task-related activation of these
three networks was anatomically consistent with independently defined resting-state functional
connectivity MRI maps. Task-related functional connectivity analyses demonstrate that the default network
can be involved in goal-directed cognition when its activity is coupled with the frontoparietal control
network. Additionally, the frontoparietal control network may flexibly couple with the default and dorsal
attention networks according to task domain, serving as a cortical mediator linking the two networks in
support of goal-directed cognitive processes.
