---
layout: post
title:   英语论文写作素材
date:   2020-06-01 9:10:20
tags: [Writing] 
---

# 词汇

1. 递进关系词汇(表示"还, 进而, 此外"): Furthermore, Moreover, Besides
   * 首先, 在句子或段落之间递进时, 注意要用furthermore, 而不是further.
   * 递进关系: 先是Furthermore, 再是Moreover, 最后是Besides.
2. 同级关系(表示"同样","一样地") Also, And, and Too. 
And connects directly, also slightly less directly, and too tends to have more commas.
    * I like green and blue. 	
	* I like green. I also like blue.
	* I like green. I like blue, too.	
	
# Sentences

## 原则-精简

1. 例如, we need to adopt XX method to improve XXX. need to do 就是典型的中式英语, 精简掉不影响语义


## 论证

1. Furthermore, evidence suggests that implicit and explicit processing may have distinct neural
substrates, with amygdala and subcortical limbic activity important for
the implicit process and the response of the prefrontal cortex for the
explicit process (Critchley et al., 2000; Xiao et al., 2016)
2. Binge drinking is associated with poor academic behaviors and performance. 
3. Positive impressions of potential dating partners were strongly associated with greater romantic interest
4. We review evidence from five methodological domains in cognitive neuroscience: neuropsychological lesion evidence, univariate activation studies, multivoxel pattern analyses, functional connectivity studies, and brain stimulation experiments.
5. Personality is hierarchical in structure  (McAdams & Pals, 2006; McCrae & Costa, 2008; Rushton, Bons, & Hur, 2008). Higher order domains are composed of lower order traits
6. Heterogeneity within the frontoparietal control network. The present study aimed to dissociate the role of the superior parietal lobule (SPL) from the other PPC regions using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and functional connectivity
6. It must be emphasized that although the nucleus has two parts these are not necessarily
homologous . All these receptors have a homologous structure and are put together to form a super-family
7. The strong association between early fusiform activity and RT in the explicit task
provides additional evidence for the involvement of the fusiform gyrus in processing emotional information.
8. Noteworthy, the regression analysis revealed that the more efficient participants in the visual search showed stronger FC between the SPL and areas of primary visual cortex (V1) related to the search task.
9. Neuropsychology is one field that holds promise in the construction of comprehensive, developmental models for the promotion of social competence （促进好的） and prevention of problem behavior （避免坏的）.

### Question

1. Here, we used a hypothesis-driven approach together with graph theoretical analyses to examine the possibility that the fine-grained
internal organization of the FPCN may be driven by specific connectional patterns as part of a “distance from sensorimotor
processing” principle that defines global brain organization (14–17).

## 方法

1. Participants completed eight practice trials using
images not shown in the actual task to confirm understanding of task instructions.   
  
## 结果

1. 弱结果. We also
found weaker evidence for some activation of right auditory
cortex in both studies, congruent with results from previous
simpler music imagery tasks.

# 参考资料

1. https://wp.nyu.edu/sciwriabudhabi/2018/07/31/also-furthermore-moreover-besides/